Update README.md (#64)
calendso/docker: README.md

## Troubleshooting

* SSL edge termination: If running behind a load balancer which handles SSL certificates, you will need to add the environmental variable `NODE_TLS_REJECT_UNAUTHORIZED=0` to prevent requests from being rejected. Only do this if you know what you are doing and trust the services/load-balancers directing traffic to your service.

> * If you had and issue creating user please check if the metadata field is null change it to empty json ({}) and you will be fine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Failed to commit changes: Invalid 'prisma.user.create()': Certain versions may have trouble creating a user if the field `metadata` is empty. Using an empty json object `{}` as the field value should resolve this issue. Also, the `id` field will autoincrement, so you may also try leaving the value of `id` as empty.
```
